Deploy a Cluster with Palette [Tutorial] (#1267)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/06-cluster-management/0-ssh-keys.md

import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';

# Overview

Palette supports SSH (Secure Shell) to establish, administer, and communicate with remote clusters. This section describes creating and managing SSH Keys in the Palette Management Console.

## Scope of SSH Key

Palette groups clusters for logical separation into [Projects](/projects). Users and teams can be assigned roles within a project for granular control over permissions within the project scope. SSH key authentication is scoped to a project. Multiple users can gain access to a single project. To access a cluster with SSH, you need a public SSH key registered in Palette.

# Prerequisites

* Access to a terminal window.

* The utility ssh-keygen or similar SSH key generator software.

# Create and Upload an SSH Key

Follow these steps to create an SSH key using the terminal and upload it to Palette:

1. Open the terminal on your computer.

2. Check for existing SSH keys by invoking the following command.
    
	<br />

	```shell
    ls -la ~/.ssh
    ```

>    If you see files named **id_rsa** and **id_rsa.pub**, you already have an SSH key pair and can skip to step 8. If not, proceed to step 3.

Author: ```suggestion
   If you have files named **id_rsa** and **id_rsa.pub**, you already have an SSH key pair and can skip to step 7. If not, proceed to step 3.

```
